_pages/reading-list.md, before:

---
permalink: /reading-list/
title: "Reading List"
---

{% include base_path %}
<!--- {% include toc %} -->

A small collection of links to online resources that I find exciting and insightful. I will keep adding to this list - feel free to send me your recommendations: daf53 [at] cantab.ac.uk.

### Websites and Blogs

- [Quanta Magazine](https://www.quantamagazine.org/): Great online magazine to follow current research topics in STEM subjects. Requires a little bit of previous subject exposure.
- [538](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/): Interesting American news website with focus on [data](https://data.fivethirtyeight.com/).
- [Atlas of Cafes](https://cafeatlas.org/): Ariel Rubinstein's Atlas of Cafes where one can think.
- [An Introduction to Measure Theory](https://terrytao.wordpress.com/books/an-introduction-to-measure-theory/): A very good introduction to measure theory by Fields medallist Terence Tao, which I used for self-study. A preliminary version is available online for free.
- [How to build an economic model in your spare time](https://people.ischool.berkeley.edu/~hal/Papers/how.pdf): Hal Varian's entertaining advice on building economic models.

### Videos

- [Is life really that complex?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnQYJa9-aR0): If you were wondering what complexity sciences is about, British mathematician Hannah Fry gives in her TED talk an easily accessible explanation of what makes it so exciting.
- [3Blue1Brown](https://www.youtube.com/@3blue1brown): One of the best YouTube channels for learning the intuition behind and appreciating the beauty of mathematics. The playlists Essence of Calculus and Essence of Linear Algebra supported me well through my first semester's maths lectures.
- [Veritasium](https://www.youtube.com/@veritasium): Popular science channel covering a wide range of topics from the world of science, from [maths](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovJcsL7vyrk) to [physics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDek6cYijxI) to [game theory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mScpHTIi-kM).
- [Primer](https://www.youtube.com/@PrimerBlobs): Cute animations about popular science topics.

Commit message:

Include QuantEcon for learning coding for econ modeling to reading-list.md

_pages/reading-list.md, after:

---
permalink: /reading-list/
title: "Reading List"
---

{% include base_path %}
<!--- {% include toc %} -->

A small collection of links to online resources that I find exciting and insightful. I will keep adding to this list - feel free to send me your recommendations: daf53 [at] cantab.ac.uk.

### Websites and Blogs

- [Quanta Magazine](https://www.quantamagazine.org/): Great online magazine to follow current research topics in STEM subjects. Requires a little bit of previous subject exposure.
- [538](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/): Interesting American news website with focus on [data](https://data.fivethirtyeight.com/).
- [Atlas of Cafes](https://cafeatlas.org/): Ariel Rubinstein's Atlas of Cafes where one can think.
- [An Introduction to Measure Theory](https://terrytao.wordpress.com/books/an-introduction-to-measure-theory/): A very good introduction to measure theory by Fields medallist Terence Tao, which I used for self-study. A preliminary version is available online for free.
- [How to build an economic model in your spare time](https://people.ischool.berkeley.edu/~hal/Papers/how.pdf): Hal Varian's entertaining advice on building economic models.
- [QuantEcon](https://quantecon.org/): Helpful website to learn how to code for economic modeling using Python or Julia, including some theoretical background and example code.

### Videos

- [Is life really that complex?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnQYJa9-aR0): If you were wondering what complexity sciences is about, British mathematician Hannah Fry gives in her TED talk an easily accessible explanation of what makes it so exciting.
- [3Blue1Brown](https://www.youtube.com/@3blue1brown): One of the best YouTube channels for learning the intuition behind and appreciating the beauty of mathematics. The playlists Essence of Calculus and Essence of Linear Algebra supported me well through my first semester's maths lectures.
- [Veritasium](https://www.youtube.com/@veritasium): Popular science channel covering a wide range of topics from the world of science, from [maths](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovJcsL7vyrk) to [physics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDek6cYijxI) to [game theory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mScpHTIi-kM).
- [Primer](https://www.youtube.com/@PrimerBlobs): Cute animations about popular science topics.
